---
layout: blog
title:  "2-20: Thank Goodness for the Weekend"
---

## Work
I am glad its the weekend, I did end up working a bit today, but after six months it is the first time I've worked on the weekend and I only worked an hour. I have been working very hard to make sure of my boundaries with work. I don't miss prior scheduled things with my spouse or friends. If it is 5pm (and I usually finish before then), I tell them I am not available for meetings. It is certainly a tough thing to do since they pay me and would be a big loss if they stopped, but it is my time to sell to them on my terms. I am lucky to have senior staff that are trying to encourage 40 hour weeks rather than 80 hour weeks. It is ridiculous because my boss had to work to make them calculate the needs to the team by hours worked rather than by days of work because they would consider someone working a 12 hour day == someone working an 8 hour day. But that's corporate right?

## Life
I took a walk this morning with my dog and reflected on how lucky I am to have a good support system of friends. I have a few good friends who has been there for me from anywhere between 9 and 16 years. I reached out to some of my friends because I realize I always speak well of them to others, but don't always remember to tell them. I think people need to hear it, to know that the little things they do are noticed and mean a lot. Little things add up.

## School
I didn't do as well as I would have liked on my exam, but I am going to use that to make sure I do better on my next exam. I think I am finally getting closer to better understanding how I study/learn better. Only my 17th year of school and I am starting to figure it out. I see/hear the professor solve a problem, work backwards from there so I have a better understanding of how to do the problem, then solve it or a similar problem with my notes, then solve it without notes. Do that with every problem and I finally start to learn it. It just takes forever, so maybe its not the most time efficient method.

That's all for today, thanks for reading!
