---
layout: page
title: "Blog 2022_02_18"
permalink: /Blog/2022_02_18.html
---

### 2022 02 18

## Work
So a bit of background, I work as a "Junior Data Analyst" for a government contractor, except that I manage a small team and am relied on for high level projects and do a lot of python development.  My day consisted of cleansing a large excel file with usage data for a report for non-technical people. I had to get rid of any excess information that might throw people off of the important part, the numbers. I also outlined a demo I am going to record next week on a project I developed. I have to explain briefly how it works, run the process, and show the results. A senior developer was telling me he had to go put out fires elsewhere and I had to deal with this fire (the excel sheet) and I told him that I am excited to add firefighter to my resume _ba-dum-ts_.

## School
Now I am off to finish watching lecture and taking notes before reviewing all tomorrow before my exam. I am taking a intro business class and it is not my forte. It so far has been memorization and math, the math part I can handle. This unit of Financial Management I have learned how businesses make decisions on projects, how businesses are valued, what cost of capital aka how much you make (or lose) by doing nothing, and stock valuation. I am glad to be done with this unit once I take the test.

## Life
I don't like driving in traffic, but thank CalTrans for the carpool lane.

### Thanks for reading!

Back to my [Blog](clevertrevor.me/Blog/)
